Hi, this is Craig Golightly,
and welcome to Deploying a Java App with Oracle Cloud Container Engine for
Kubernetes; Setting Up a Cluster on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.
The Oracle Cloud Container Engine for Kubernetes is
a managed Kubernetes service.
In order to use this service, you'll need to open an Oracle Cloud account.
We're going to walk through how to do that,
as well as how to create a cluster, configure kubectl,
and access the Kubernetes dashboard for your cluster running in the
Oracle Cloud Container Engine for Kubernetes.
Oracle Cloud has multiple regions and a variety of
locations all around the world.
This allows you to select the region that is the best
fit for your particular use case.
You will need to select a region to host your Kubernetes cluster.
In general, you'll want to select the region that is closest to you.
Before you open your Oracle Cloud account,
you'll want to gather a few items of information that they will
ask for in the process of opening that account.
You'll need an email, username and password,
name and address, as well as a mobile number that you have access to,
because they will send a verification code that you will need to
enter as part of the account opening process.
You will also need to enter your credit card information,
but don't worry; your card will not be charged unless you upgrade your account.
Let's go to oracle.com /cloud/free/ and walk through opening an
Oracle Cloud account so you can see how that works.
Go to oracle.com /cloud/free/ and select Start for free.
Enter your email, country, and select Next.
Select personal or company use, give your cloud account a name,
then select the home region you would like to use.
This can be any of the regions across the world,
but in general, you'll want to select the one that is closest to you.
Next, enter your name and address information, then your mobile number.
At this point,
they will send a verification to your mobile number so be sure you have
access to that device so that you can get the code.
Be sure to enter the code quickly,
because you only have two minutes until it expires.
Once you've verified the code, you can then create your password.
There are various requirements for your password and
they'll let you know if you miss something.
Finally, you'll add the credit card details.
Again, you won't be charged unless you elect to upgrade the account.
Finally, you can review the terms and conditions, then complete your sign-up.
Once the account is created,
you'll be able to sign in using the username and password
you created when you set up the account. Once you can see the dashboard, you know that you're good to go.